if you like this video even one percent
smash like button
at the first we can see a little boy and
his father at a meat shop
there returns their home the boy is
shown smuggling heads and bodies of
various animals home
and preserving them in jars under his
bed
upon discovering this his father beats
him
when he grows up he kills his father and
buried him their near house
then the whole scene shifts to the
present
one day a little girl lost from dance
school later she found
dead near field drain side all people
shocked after see this
[Music]
in the present the abduction and murder
of two little girls of trivendrum in
succession
with no apparent motive makes
investigation officer ac pierrethica
xavier suspect a serial killer
she requests a forensic team but finds
it awkward that the personnel assigned
is the young samuel john
who happens to be the younger brother of
her estranged husband xavier john
that grithika's ever separated because
of their carelessness few years ago they
lost their second child from fair
and then also that the surviving child
nyana consults a psychologist dr
alfons korean samuel concludes the
killer seems able to move comfortably
through a four foot tunnel
but unable to dispose the body over a
five feet wall
and able to blend inconspicuously in a
compound of children
hence it must be a child
though dismissive at first rithica
xavier is forced to accept
samuel's theory as an eyewitness shortly
confirms a little boy dumping the dead
body though she does so in grace
further victims are added to the list
even as the police publish a sketch of
the killer child as described by the
witness
dr alphonse kurian states the boy in the
sketch seems to be juvenile home inmate
ruben elias whom he counseled a few
years back
after that she goes to clinical
therapist dr jayakimer meenan who
handled rueben's case
confirms that rueben indeed demonstrated
murderous psychopathic behavior
and escaped from him recently
meanwhile retired sp abdul wahab
volunteers at test dna for matching
which brings up the forgotten serial
murder case from 10 years back
which also happens to be the first case
in the career of rithika xavier ipps
he also reveals that on retirement he
took the eubaid as his driver
who was arrested of three little girls
burma colony murder in succession
and the body of another discovered from
a school bus the police arrest the bus
driver eubaid ahmed
but he proven innocent
because other victim is kidnapped and
murdered in the same manner while he is
in custody
another victim is snatched from the
hospital by reuben under the very nose
of the team
mounting pressure on them
samuel correctly double guesses a clever
ruse in the form of a candy bar dropped
in a dustbin in front of the hospital
but the dna prints not matched
he concludes that there is a second
personality behind the child killer
probably a mastermind due to the intern
chicka's insight
it is discovered that this dna matches
perfectly with that of the burma colony
murderer 10 years earlier
proving not only a 10 to 12 year old
child is involved
reuben is shown to deliver the victims
to an abandoned truck deep inside a
forest
their corpses are removed from the truck
by none other than ayana rithika's
daughter
suddenly they unexpected match found
samuel teams up with samuel assistant
chicket and abdul wahab to research the
area where the three buried burma colony
victims were found
searching the place with ground
penetrating radars they find five
skeletons one adult and four children
buried
samuel decides to search every one of
the hundreds of medical and police
personnel
present at the hospital during the last
abduction samuel is baffled to find that
not a single dna from the collection
matches the one on the candy wrapper
rithika captures him from a church
reuben taken as a confession by rithika
and team
samuel however observes from the footage
of the inquest that rueben was in fact
responding to instructions from his
hearing aid
probably from the mastermind by the time
he arrives at the station
rueben has killed himself for
transmitted instructions
later samuel found the hearing aid
device from ryubin's dead body
samuel is informed by shikha that the
blue honda city car
could be seen near the station premises
in the footage around rueben suicide
noticing the exact model right outside
his gate
samuel proceeds to peak only to be
surprised by eubaid ahmed
who knocks him out and abducts him
the foolhardy team is knocked to action
by yet another kidnapping
this time of none other than the
daughter of a member of the team then
the team proceeds to track the gps of
the victim's mobile phone
meanwhile a psychotic eubaid taunts a
bound samuel with shocking details
he starts with video footage of none
other than ayana delivering the murdered
victims out of the truck
eubaid reveals that the whole saga was
planned to frame rithika's daughter as a
serial killer as revenge for ruining his
life in the burma colony case
he said other child of the xavier couple
navia is alive
supported by a video showing a
disheveled navier confined in a basement
though samuel wriggles himself out and
subdues ubait he is able to extract no
further information about the mastermind
before you bait is unexpectedly shot
dead by somebody in the blue honda civic
sam will take up a yellow on the van
only to end up in front of the police
and discover the on the van contains the
body of the latest victim
but he escaped samuel flees
but is supported by his brother xavier
shikke and abdul wahab
they arranged for a meeting with rithika
who is forced to accept the facts
confronted with the evidence on ubaid's
mobile phone rithika and xavier go to
the location to search for navia
while samuel asks dr alphonse kurian to
join him for a ride discuss the case
during which samuel reveals to him that
he knows dr alphonse kurian is the
mastermind behind the killing
then dr alphonse revels the truth
he was leading a normal life thanks to
his wife and even after her death he
lived for his son
but his life came crashing down after he
was diagnosed with blood cancer
he then loses control of himself when he
drops off his son's friend in the burma
colony
and then proceeds to take out his
frustration of he medical condition
by killing the kids in that colony
when rithika arrives to search the
colony he transfers his next victim from
his car to a school bus
he sees park near the road which was
accidentally witnessed by his son who
was in the car with him
later that evening on the news the
revealed that eubaid ahmed was arrested
because of the child found in the school
bus
dr alphonse korean son sees the news and
realizes that his father is the killer
then his son go for check a room that
his father keeps locked
realizes that it was the room in which
he killed his victims
dr alfons tries to explain everything to
his son who tries to get away from him
and accidentally falls off the terrace
and dies
he buries his son's body and kills one
more child
just to prove to the police the eubaid
isn't the real killer
he later on decides to take revenge on
rithika by kidnapping her daughter
and raises her in captivity he then
meets rueben elias
and plans to use him and nadia in his
master plan
he tells samuel that has no proof
connecting the killings to him
and that he had tested his blood and it
wasn't a match
samuel tells chica that dr alphonse
kurian has two sets of dna
because of his bone marrow transplant
but his skin and hair cells will have
his old dna
which is enough proof to tie his to the
case
rithika and xavier found navia
shocked kurian wrestles and tries to
attack samuel which leads to an accident
and corian is thrown out and dies while
samuel protected by the airbags
a few days later rithika applies for a
two-month leave to spend with her family
before which she is handed a new case
file form for which she requests the
same forensic team
she calls shikha who informs her that
samuel is in an enquiry on that accident
in the inquiry samuel tells the police
exactly what happens as seen earlier
later on it is revealed that during the
fight in the car
then samuel managed to unbuckle dr
alphonse korean seat belt which caused
him to be thrown out of the car
thanks for watching video